This is a request under the Maryland Public Information Act as amended and listed in title 4 of the general provisions of Maryland’s state code. 

I wish to inspect and receive a copy of any “form roster” document held or maintained by the Baltimore County Police Department. Such a document is also sometimes referred to as a “review of forms,” “forms roster,” “forms list,” “[form/s] table of contents,” “forms management program” listing or  “forms index,” and/or plural variations of these terms. Screenshots of document listings are also acceptable. 

Status as a public document

Form rosters are a key part of the public accountability process. By showing what is tracked by an office or department, a form roster facilitates citizen oversight of local agencies -- an important part of any representative government system. 

It is no surprise, then, that the requesters have been granted access to form rosters by law enforcement agencies in more than a half-dozen contiguous Maryland counties near Baltimore. We view this access as a clear affirmation of the public nature of this document. 

Additional details 
 
As you know, state public information laws provide that if portions of a document are exempt from release, the remainder must be segregated and disclosed. Therefore, I request that you provide all nonexempt portions of the records I have requested, and ask that you justify any deletions by reference to specific exemptions of the public information act.
 
I reserve the right to appeal your decision to withhold any materials. I also agree to pay reasonable search and duplication fees in connection with this request. Please contact me in advance if it will cost more than $100 to fill this request.
 
As I am making this request in the capacity of a journalist for The Baltimore Sun and as this information is of timely value, I would appreciate your calling or e-mailing, rather than communicating by mail, should you have any questions regarding this request. Thank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to receiving your reply promptly, as required by law.
